README.md, before:

# List of All Programming Language on Telegram Group


Here are the list :
1. JVM User Group --> https://t.me/JVMUserGroup
2. ID Dev Ops --> https://t.me/IDDevOps
3. Loker Developer --> https://t.me/LokerDeveloper
4. Python ID --> https://t.me/pythonID
5. Python Surabaya --> https://t.me/surabayadotpy
6. Django --> https://t.me/DjangoID
7. Flask --> https://t.me/flaskid
8. Swift --> https://t.me/swiftID
9. Laravel --> https://t.me/laravelindonesia
10. CodeIgniter --> https://t.me/codeigniterindonesia
11. Ruby --> https://t.me/RubyID
12. Rails --> https://t.me/RailsID
13. Android Bandung --> https://t.me/androidDevBdg
14. Android Semarang --> https://t.me/AndroidSemarang
15. Sinau Dev --> https://t.me/sinaudev
16. NodeJS --> https://t.me/nodejsid
17. GoLang --> https://t.me/golangID
18. Odoo ID --> https://t.me/odooindonesia
19. Tech In Asia --> https://t.me/TIAdevcommunity
20. .NET --> https://t.me/dotnetusergroup
21. Female Geek --> https://t.me/kulgramfg
22. PHP Indonesia  --> https://telegram.me/joinchat/CSLDHD-6eZfVmTyv168IWA
23. Pascal Indonesia --> https://t.me/PascalID


Listed by @hendisantika34
EMail --> hendisantika@gmail.com

Commit message:

List All Programming Language on Telegram Group - #4 Update groups - FYI

README.md, after:

# List of All Programming Language on Telegram Group


Here are the list :
1. JVM User Group --> https://t.me/JVMUserGroup
2. ID Dev Ops --> https://t.me/IDDevOps
3. Loker Developer --> https://t.me/LokerDeveloper
4. Python ID --> https://t.me/pythonID
5. Python Surabaya --> https://t.me/surabayadotpy
6. Django --> https://t.me/DjangoID
7. Flask --> https://t.me/flaskid
8. Swift --> https://t.me/swiftID
9. Laravel --> https://t.me/laravelindonesia
10. CodeIgniter --> https://t.me/codeigniterindonesia
11. Ruby --> https://t.me/RubyID
12. Rails --> https://t.me/RailsID
13. Android Bandung --> https://t.me/androidDevBdg
14. Android Semarang --> https://t.me/AndroidSemarang
15. Sinau Dev --> https://t.me/sinaudev
16. NodeJS --> https://t.me/nodejsid
17. GoLang --> https://t.me/golangID
18. Odoo ID --> https://t.me/odooindonesia
19. Tech In Asia --> https://t.me/TIAdevcommunity
20. .NET --> https://t.me/dotnetusergroup
21. Female Geek --> https://t.me/kulgramfg
22. PHP Indonesia  --> https://telegram.me/joinchat/CSLDHD-6eZfVmTyv168IWA
23. Pascal Indonesia --> https://t.me/PascalID


PS : If you have one or know another group but not listed above. Please PM.

Listed by @hendisantika34
EMail --> hendisantika@gmail.com
